---
timestamp: 'Sun Oct 12 2025 22:50:23 GMT-0400 (Eastern Daylight Time)'
parent: '[[../20251012_225023.a918bbd6.md]]'
content_id: 1278998137be81271a6b0e5d25c36ec72b49aa0cfb20684961cbf262165f9647
---

# prompt: using the provided guidelines for concept specifications, design one for FileManagement\[File, User], whos purpose is to allow users to upload and manage files which have owners. The essence of a file upload is a side effect that transfers data from a client somewhere to a server somewhere. This is thus a client side action, usually using an upload `<input type="file">` html tag, that then upload the local file to a server. Your concept should probably not need to manage something complicated like exposing an endpoint to receive file uploads. Instead, simply consider files to be stored in your object storage of choice: Google Storage, AWS S3, etc. This is a pretty standard industry practice, and there are a number of ways to make client upload not painful, such as pre-signed URLs. Here are some details: https://cloud.google.com/storage/docs/samples/storage-generate-upload-signed-url-v4#storage\_generate\_upload\_signed\_url\_v4-nodejs. Pre-signed URLs are urls that you can give to clients as a special way to make a PUT request for uploading a file to a location (with the request pre-signed, so all they need is the URL). This means that when you might have an action like "createDocument" or "uploadDocument", what your concept returns instead is a "Url" string. Your client (you'll make frontend in the next assignments, but for now you can simply use a local curl client or other if you want to test it) then takes that URL and uploads whatever file it wants. Your concept can read the file from the bucket/cloud storage, and do whatever processing it needs, but this is all done internally. At the action interface, your parameters must remain strings/primitive types, so you're free to do processing within actions. In summary: 1: Media files: images, PDFs, videos, etc. are not stored in MongoDB\n 2. Media files are stored instead in a storage service, we recommend (since you already have a Google console project) Google Cloud Storage\n 3. To upload files to your concept, you should have some concept action that returns a Pre-signed url\n 4. You can do the bucket connection/any other initialization within the concept that handles that state as part of its initialization (code running before the concept definition)\n 5. Once you call that action, any clients (in the future your front end, for now you can use your terminal and something like  curl ) can upload the file\n 6. Afterwards, you can process those uploaded files as normal within the concept by downloading from the files stable Url. You'll probably want to include a contentUrl string state somewhere within your concept state to associate it with the right state (like Document, etc.)
